Euu2021 patch 1 (#103)
freeplane/docs: src/docs/scripting/Scripting.md

> Note that for Groovy this is a comment. - This line is only interpreted by Freeplane. Omitting the <tt>//</tt> will result in a Groovy compilation error. 
> 
> Note that, for changes in the Execution Mode take effect, FreePlane needs to be restarted.

Reviewer: A good point :+1: 

My suggestion
```suggestion
Note that for Groovy this is a comment. This line is only interpreted by Freeplane. Omitting the <tt>//</tt> will result in a Groovy compilation error. Additionally, while changes to script's code are picked up immediately, Freeplane needs to be restarted for `@ExecutionModes` changes to take effect.
```
